>> Zac Gordon: So, are there any questions
before we take a break at this point,
in terms of AJAX?
>> Audience Member: Mira, just saying
looking for the solution on frontend
main JS,
which you kinda already showed, right?
>> Zac Gordon: For
frontend main for the jQuery one?
Yeah, that was what we just went over.
>> Audience Member: Right, yeah, so
she can catch up on the video there, and
then can we make the short
code go to the API?
I'm not sure what [CROSSTALK]
just saying short codes.
>> Zac Gordon: So,
there this is a place where, man,
I need to give some context to
explain what they're asking.
So, in Wordpress,
there are what are called short codes,
and these are things that, I forget
the exact format of, no, it's not that.
In the content editor,
let's say you wanted
to do a grid that was two columns, right?
You can't actually throw in all the and
all that stuff there.
So, there's a format of using what
are called shortcodes in WordPress, and
you can, in PHP,
I think it's something like this.
Or another one might be a contact form.
So because this is PHP that's generated,
you can't just pass it in
with the localized script and
necessarily expect it to work, because
this is gonna fire off a bunch of stuff.
What you could potentially do I don't
know, that would be a little bit tricky.
Basically, you would have to get it in
the some sort of format that could then be
sent via JavaScript.
And when I mentioned it
very beginning JS widgets
this is one of the things I
know it sound a short code but
they're trying to figure out how
do to like, how do we take stuff?
That's so, dependent on PHP, And
make it available in JavaScript.
So I need to dig a little bit
deeper my short answer is I don't
think that's gonna work, but
what you can do is try it and
just where you see localized
script say something like,
>> Zac Gordon: And see what you get.
I don't My guess is that that
is not gonna work, but it may.
I'd be curious.
>> Audience Member: And my row was
just asking about that rpelacement for
a response.
It's JS for WP underscore globals, right?
>> Zac Gordon: Yes.
It is.
It's exactly what we set right here.
>> Audience Member: Instead of
the response from the initial load.
>> Zac Gordon: Yep for the initial load
because we're getting that from here, and
we don't get a response back till
after we make the jQuery call,
the response is going
to come inside of that.
Sorry let me just pull up.
>> Zac Gordon: Yeah.
So, we can't use response
until we get the success back,
then we could use response.total_likes.
Before this ajax call is made, we have to
depend on the global variables that we set
up of total likes and that comment was
wrong, so I'll make sure that gets fixed.